c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.exe
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.deps.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.pdb
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\AWSSDK.SQS.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\Consumer.styles.css
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Consumer.dll
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.pdb
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\Consumer.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\User\Desktop\Desenvolvimento\Cursos\SQS C#\Consumer\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Consumer.dll
